are you Rosie are you okay today's story
is called Big Mama Caillou
it all happened back when Caillou was a
very little boy very soon Caillou a few
days later Caillou was very excited
because he was going to Rosie for the
very first time
mommy here daddy here
we're home oh this is Rosie Caillou
wasn't sure if he Rosie oh she's just
beautiful she's absolutely adorable
isn't she gorgeous no she's my special
ding-dong Rosie wasn't very hot nobody
was paying attention to him he thought
they only cared about Rosie
would you like to put the baby Caillou
Caillou didn't know if he throws he very
much okay maybe later let the child
along Caillou
never take a notice from anyone
I've seen a security hologram of him
killing younglings you can use dad was
starting to get angry you see him
pinching Rosie
it's been one of those days come on
Luigi yeah well I didn't think it was so
funny Caillou would you pass me the
diaper please
so you've been feeling a bit left out of
things to have you Gilbert all changed
would you like to hold her Caillou